Readme dev section (#124)
Bouni/python-luxtronik: README.md

The fastest way to provide improvements to the code is is to use
[pull requests][pull-request-doc].

The use of [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) is highly recommended in
order to keep the quality of your contribution as high as possible.

> After cloning this repo, cd into it and simply type `pre-commit` in order

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After cloning this repository, change directory (`cd`) into it and simply type `pre-commit` in order
```

to install the pre-commit hooks.

For that to work you need python (which you most likely already have installed)
and the `pre-commit` package. If not already installed you can install it with
`pip install -U pre-commit`. Furthermore you need a recent version of `nodejs`

> on your system because some of the hooks are js based.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on your system because some of the hooks are based on JavaScript / Node.js.
```
